{"en":"No one can avoid being influenced by advertisements. ^ ","ch":"没有人能避免受广告的影响。  "}
{"en":"Much as we may pride ourselves on our good taste,  we are no longer free to choose the things we want, ^ ","ch":"尽管我们可以自夸自己的鉴赏力如何敏锐， 但我们已经无法独立自主地选购自己所需的东西了。  "}
{"en":"for advertising exerts a subtle influence on us. ^ ","ch":"这是因为广告在我们身上施加着一种潜移默化的影响。  "}
{"en":"In their efforts to persuade us to buy this or that product, ^ ","ch":"做广告的人在力图劝说我们买下这种产品或那种产品之前，  "}
{"en":"advertisers have made a close study of human nature and have classified all our little weaknesses. ^ ","ch":"已经仔细地研究了人的本性， 并把人的弱点进行了分类。  "}
{"en":"Advertisers discovered years ago that all of us love to get something for nothing. ^ ","ch":"做广告的人们多年前就发现我们大家都喜欢免费得到东西。  "}
{"en":"An advertisement which begins with the magic word FREE can rarely go wrong. ^ ","ch":"凡是用“免费”这个神奇的词开头的广告很少会失败的。  "}
{"en":"These days,  advertisers not only offer free samples,  but free cars,  free houses,  and free trips round the world as well. ^ ","ch":"目前， 做广告的人不仅提供免费样品， 而且还提供免费汽车， 免费住房， 免费周游世界。  "}
{"en":"They devise hundreds of competitions which will enable us to win huge sums of money. ^ ","ch":"他们设计数以百计的竞赛， 竞赛中有人可赢得巨额奖金。  "}
{"en":"Radio and television have made it possible for advertisers to capture the attention of millions of people in this way. ^ ","ch":"电台、电视使做广告的人可以用这种手段吸引成百万人的注意力。  "}
{"en":"During a radio programme,  a company of biscuit manufacturers once asked listeners to bake biscuits and send them to their factory. ^ ","ch":"有一次， 在电台播放的节目里， 一个生产饼干的公司请听众烘制饼干送到他们的工厂去。  "}
{"en":"They offered to pay $10 a pound for the biggest biscuit baked by a listener. ^ ","ch":"他们愿意以每磅10美元的价钱买下由听众烘制的最大的饼干。  "}
{"en":"The response to this competition was tremendous. ^ ","ch":"这次竞赛在听众中引起极其热烈的反响。  "}
{"en":"Before long,  biscuits of all shapes and sizes began arriving at the factory. ^ ","ch":"不久， 形状各异， 大小不一的饼干陆续送到工厂。  "}
{"en":"One lady brought in a biscuit on a wheelbarrow. ^ ","ch":"一位女士用手推车运来一个饼干，  "}
{"en":"A little later,  a man came along with a biscuit which occupied the whole boot of his car. ^ ","ch":"相隔不一会儿， 一个男子也带来一个大饼干， 那个饼干把汽车的行李箱挤得满满的。  "}
{"en":"All the biscuits that were sent were carefully weighed. ^ ","ch":"凡送来的饼干都仔细地称量。  "}
{"en":"But just before the competition closed,  a lorry arrived at the factory with a truly colossal biscuit which weighed 2, 400 pounds. ^ ","ch":"但就在竞赛截止时间将到之际， 一辆卡车驶进了工厂， 运来了一个特大无比、重达2, 400磅的饼干。  "}
{"en":"It had been baked by a college student who had used over 1, 000 pounds of flour,  800 pounds of sugar,  200 pounds of fat,  and 400 pounds of various other ingredients. ^ ","ch":"它是由一个大学生烘制的， 用去1, 000多磅面粉、800磅食糖、200磅动物脂肪及400磅其他各种原料。  "}
{"en":"It was so heavy that a crane had to be used to remove it from the lorry. ^ ","ch":"饼干份量太重了， 用了一台起重机才把它从卡车上卸下。  "}
{"en":"The manufacturers had to pay more money than they had anticipated,  for they bought the biscuit from the student for $24, 000. ^ ","ch":"饼干公司不得不付出比他们预计多得多的钱， 因为为买下那学生烘制的饼干他们支付了24, 000美元。  "}